hi this is Ayano and in this video we
are going to unbox wall Kira's newest
and by far the smallest they say mini CV
helicopter this is not genius CP okay
though it's in the box of genius CP but
it's not in genius CV it comes with Devo
8's transmitter which is color
touchscreen LCD and with telemetry
functions so I gotta see what is that
telemetry here it says mini CP on the
box because it's not the genius CP and
wall Kara says it is a smaller than
genius CP and it is better than genius
CP when it comes to do 3d they say if
your skills are good you might be able
to do pull some 3d moves inside a car
maybe a big van I would say let's see
what's inside the box
alright these are the contents of the
box so I'll pull it out first in here we
have the warranty card and the dimension
8 user manual now this is what you see
is the content of the box I'll start
taking things out one by one tools and
one spare tail propeller
thank you very much bulkier they sent me
to batteries this is three point seven
volt 240 mAh 25 C battery like Holly one
blade set spare main blades and look at
it the mini battery charger just evolved
hmm
looking really nice miniature easy to
charge I hope there is the mini CP
helicopter alright I'll put it down here
and we'll Kira dimension eight radio
this looks like a face here with these
two things so I'll pull these eyes out
all right mode - thank you very much and
finally we have the antenna for
dimension eight this is mini CP from
Walcheren
check out the size okay I'll put it in
my palm here it is flybarless 3d capable
mini collective pitch CP helicopter well
I see the canopy and frame and
everything else is really small however
the tail tail boom is really long
compared to its frame size or the front
mass here but again well Kara says is a
smaller than genius iffy I'll take it
and we will see how it flies I do not
have my genius CP with me but I do have
we 100 do 8 helicopters so let's compare
the size ok here we are and you can see
we 120 do - s V 100 dl3 we 100 do 8 and
walk here a mini CP so basically if you
are looking at them the front mass main
rotor head the frame is all small but
again when it comes to the tail boom
length it's reaching almost to the V 100
helicopters length
you
tail propeller is driven by a motor
similarly like the genius CP mini CP the
front section the frank mass is smaller
the canopy looking cool for now alright
let's take the canopy off you can see
the control board the electronics
everything goes to the front and mini
digital servos which are the same
service that they used in genius CP ok
so far looking cool and nice looks like
a good fun helicopter for all the six
general beginners to have more fun with
because it's even smaller and can still
do 3d now let us see how it will behave
with Depot 8s radio so what I'm
concerned is the flight performance now
let's have a quick look at Devo 8's
radio here we are with the Devo 8's
dimension 8's radio what I like about
this radio now is that there is no more
that cheap shiny metal looks there is a
quality professional look that this
radio is giving now with this gunmetal
color which is simply awesome
maybe next time they can release a
camouflage version that will be sweet
the grips the back everything is simply
awesome on this radio
we have elevated dual rates gear move
switches for throttle and page setup
however total our page and we can use
them for other purposes as well we have
mix that's a three position switch
awesome we have a LR on dual rates then
we have flight mode three position
switch and we have red a dual red given
here
all right so let's turn it on
programmable with these and also they
have given a stylus which is at the side
of the radio and using the stylus the
touch screen is just piece of cake to
program I just realized this charger is
the USB charger so I had a USB to wall
outlet adopter and I connected the USB
plug bear and seems like this charger is
charging two batteries at the same time
sweet
alright so charge the batteries will go
for some indoor flights so stay tuned
and the flight videos of mini CP from
wall Kira with dimension aid radio
dimension 8's telemetry function radio
is coming very soon we will do some 3d
indoor no need to bring this little baby
outdoors